docs/amp.md, before:

# Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus (AMP)

- [Getting Started with AMP][amp-gettingstarted]
- [Using ADOT in EKS on EC2 to ingest to AMP and visualize in AMG](recipes/ec2-eks-metrics-go-adot-ampamg.md)
- [Setting up cross-account ingestion into AMP][amp-xaccount]
- [Metrics collection from Amazon ECS using AMP][amp-ecs-metrics]
- [Configuring Grafana Cloud Agent for AMP][amp-gcwa]
- [Set up cross-region metrics collection for AMP workspaces][amp-xregion-metrics]
- [Workshop for Getting Started with AMP][amp-oow]

[amp-gettingstarted]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/getting-started-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus/
[amp-xaccount]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/setting-up-cross-account-ingestion-into-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus/
[amp-ecs-metrics]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/metrics-collection-from-amazon-ecs-using-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus/
[amp-gcwa]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/configuring-grafana-cloud-agent-for-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus/
[amp-xregion-metrics]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/set-up-cross-region-metrics-collection-for-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus-workspaces/
[amp-oow]: https://observability.workshop.aws/en/amp.html

Commit message:

adds AMP migration recipe link

docs/amp.md, after:

# Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus (AMP)

- [Getting Started with AMP][amp-gettingstarted]
- [Using ADOT in EKS on EC2 to ingest to AMP and visualize in AMG](recipes/ec2-eks-metrics-go-adot-ampamg.md)
- [Setting up cross-account ingestion into AMP][amp-xaccount]
- [Metrics collection from Amazon ECS using AMP][amp-ecs-metrics]
- [Configuring Grafana Cloud Agent for AMP][amp-gcwa]
- [Set up cross-region metrics collection for AMP workspaces][amp-xregion-metrics]
- [Best practices for migrating self-hosted Prometheus on Amazon EKS to Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus][amp-migration]
- [Workshop for Getting Started with AMP][amp-oow]

[amp-gettingstarted]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/getting-started-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus/
[amp-xaccount]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/setting-up-cross-account-ingestion-into-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus/
[amp-ecs-metrics]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/metrics-collection-from-amazon-ecs-using-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus/
[amp-gcwa]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/configuring-grafana-cloud-agent-for-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus/
[amp-xregion-metrics]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/set-up-cross-region-metrics-collection-for-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus-workspaces/
[amp-migration]: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/best-practices-for-migrating-self-hosted-prometheus-on-amazon-eks-to-amazon-managed-service-for-prometheus/
[amp-oow]: https://observability.workshop.aws/en/amp.html
